Cool, so let's hop over to INTERFACES.GO,
we'll kinda implement some
of this in real time.
So right now, we're kinda starting from
a copy of the code that should look pretty
similar to what you finished in methods.
You're welcome to also start from that
file since you're familiar with it,
whatever you'd prefer.
I'm gonna be working in interfaces.go for
right now.
And what we're trying to do here is we
want to add that describer interface, and
then create a method where we can pass
in any of the structs that satisfy
the describer interface, and
then call describe on them.
So we have our two structs here,
both of which you can call describe on.
And then in our main function,
we are simply calling
the describe methods in them.
So similar code that we've been
working with for a little while here.
Cool, so let's start at the top and
let's add our describer interface.
Additional to side note,
the convention for
interfaces is to name them with
whatever job that the interface does.
So right now,
just type describer interface.
It describes, so it is a describer that
can get a little funky if your methods
don't make an Ending to
a word sound very good, but
it is kind of the accepted
pattern if possible.
Describe.
So we've now established that.
Any struct that has a method called
describe is also of type describer.
Add a comment or go into his happy.
We can kinda scroll down.
And kinda lump these two guys together.
So let's create a function that
doesn't care what type is passed in,
as long as that type
satisfies our interface.
So we can say func.
I think I call it do the describing.
It's gonna take some type, we're not quite
sure what, we haven't specified user or
group, but we do know it has to
be of interface type describer.
And because all of our describe
methods do return a string,
we'll make sure that our function to
describing also returns a string.
I'm making a capital cuz I'd assume
that if I am using this elsewhere,
I'm describing lots of stuff.
I want this to be exportable.
I want it to be visible in other packages.
So let's do the describing,
describes whatever struct is passed in.
And then within our function here,
I'm going to say, hey, let's return
d.describe since whatever struct is passed
in is part of our interface describer.
I know it must have this method, and
that's what I'm trying to accomplish
within this function, cool.
And then data in our main function.
We can say our naming right now,
because we have so
many examples is getting a little fun but
that's okay.
So user description, with interface, I
know it's very long but just for clarity.
It's going to be do the describing,
that's going to take a user, cool.
And then we're gonna do
the same thing with our group.
Group description with interface is going
to be you do the describing function,
and it's going to take a group.
So you'll see we're getting some
errors around what we're passing in.
And the error that I'm seeing
is that we have describe,
we have some sort of describe function in
an interface that's returning a string,
but we're not returning a string in
our actual interface definition.
So we just go up to the top here.
We're saying that hey, this describe
method exists on our interface,
but we still have to say that at
the end of the day it returns a string.
Just add that additional piece of
information into our interface definition.
Cool, the next error we're getting is,
I've kind of been flipping between using
either a pointer or non-pointer
as a struct type or passing in.
So you'll notice that if we go up to both
of our methods in this particular file,
I am passing in a pointer type for
our user and our group.
So that's what's gonna happen in this
file, you know that we need to pass in
the actual address, the ampersand A4
address version of our variables here.
So if we add our at here.
We.
Have a bunch of variables that
we're not actually referencing.
So we're going to just print line.
Save it and then run it.
Kill these guys.
And we're also gonna kill these guys since
we are now accomplishing the same job just
with our do the describing
method that takes the interface,
rather than to individual
calls to methods.
So again, kind of contrived based
on the examples we have here.
But if you can imagine large services
that set up as three buckets or
other more complex interactions
with large code bases,
having a single function,
be less specific about what it takes in,
as long as all of these other rules that
live in some other file are established.
It reduces a lot of
duplication within your code.
It also encapsulates kind of all of his
behavior, and all of the attributes, and
in a more object oriented way, which makes
everything a little bit more readable.